I'm sorry.
Charlie needs speaking from your center to his office in the capital of our nation.
Once again, Senator Estes-T-Fauber is here to bring you up today on the activities and trends on chemistry.
And after we missed you on this report period last week...
Well, I'm just made of Charlie and we'll have it stuff that's just playing out with taking from past study where our time investigation was in progress.
The Washington was about three hours late.
But I'm glad you went ahead with our weekly report.
I was on the agenda for this week's challenge.
First of all, Senator, there were several items of local interest in Tennessee coming to the city.
And I'd like to ask you about some of the effects of the Korean situation as it relates to these people's ten states.
But before that, I'd like to ask you what Tennessee municipalities were included in the 100 largest American cities.
Well, methods are largest study ranked 20th in the list of largest American cities.
Outstripping as land is as surprising as many people.
Our state capital, Nashville, is 56 largest cities.
Our home city of Chalanooga is 73rd and Knoxville is 80 seconds on the rural city.
So what is the largest city in the South now?
Well, that's a big question, Charlie.
Technically, Maryland is in the South and Baltimore is nation's sixth largest city.
But the normal emotion keeps from Texas in the South largest fallout by your means.
Well, after the special legislation, I believe the Senate passed your so-called mocketing bill, Senator.
Well, it's not particularly my bill.
All of it was for parts, Charlie.
But on Wednesday, the Senate passed the bill, which had been previously passed in the House of Representatives,
to commit the Secretary of Interior to accept the most recent land of parts purposes.
Does the bill and the long struggle do assure that the preservation of the beauty of this area,
which is a part of the lookout now, in one of them?
Much to the advantage, you know, occupied an understatement kind of city in America,
because I'm certainly glad the Senate approved this report.
Why isn't it you, Senator, who wrote this bill loose from the committee?
Well, I couldn't say that I broke it loose, Charlie,
but the bill has been lying, dormant, and the Senate interior and insular affairs committees have been presumptious.
I made a personal deal to Senator Joe O'Money, a biomext, who is chairman of that committee,
to report the bill favorably.
And he promised he would do so at the very earliest, needing a document.
He made good on his word, and the bill was wise, reported favorably,
based on the Senate calendar and passed by a million Wednesdays without any officers.
And I thirst, he both how did the Congress pass the measure,
committing the barrel in a national cemetery of the right of young men,
to lost their lives and its tragic actions after their lives?
Yes, Congressman Persia increased the national function of the bill in the House,
originally, and I was a poor manager in the Senate.
We felt that our Tennessee National Guardsman, who died for the security of that country,
just as much as the civil war had on the start of the federal waste of the region,
we found the direction not even that, but that people with military energy,
and the American National Secretary of State,
who had the President's speech of the Secretary of War, agreed with us.
And both houses of Congress concurred in this bill.
So now, I have heard in here a word of the Tennessee National Guard
who had burials and a national cemetery at the time of a resting place.
Well, that was certainly a horrible tragedy to follow in our boy, was it?
Yes, Charlie, a demonstration of the other waste that used to be the Minister of War.
I hope this incident is striking still near to all of our homes,
and it's hard to re-double our efforts to find the risk of war over the world.
In that connection of the Senator, there is new education and official circles
to view the international unrest, while the institution of a program of universal military training.
What are your views about that?
Charlie, I've always been for universal military training,
and I'm afraid the instability of the world situation is going to keep us on noodles and cans
for many years to come, even if we escape actual shooting as is nine progress in the core of the international.
If that is true, we can leak an ill report to take a chance on it,
then we must tell our young men trained at least in the elementals as they reach the age of military service.
The thing this caused me concern is the fact that universal military training
would interrupt the education of all of our young men.
With this in mind, I've been thinking in terms of suggesting a program of military instruction
in our high school, the program to extend for the last three years of students,
of our students high school students.
Because I go to camp the last two summers of this high school,
and you and I, by the way, get the necessary training without any interruptions of this education.
This plan is in the consideration stage,
but I intend to close the subject and submit it on services committee in the near future,
and I remember that somebody who knows.
Certainly, it sounds like a good idea to meet the senator.
The military training of our youth is in effect.
Then it would seem amazing to your plans to prevent it interrupting a young man's education.
Well, at least we will suggest it in the right place as a child.
Of course, I don't wish the death and to commit myself on the subject
until the observations of all of the experts have been taken into consideration.
Well, now to the Tennessee situation against the senator.
Our office has been deceased with requests for information as to the reopening of ordinance plans,
airports, former arms services camps, and so on, by our friends who can see.
Now, what installation of a military nature do you think may be included in the new mobilization plan?
Well, so far as I know a child, our military is thinking in terms of three ordinance plans,
reopening at this time, although no definition of decision at this time has been made.
But of course, they are looking over all of the standby plans that they have in the United States
to see which ones can best be put into operation if they need comes around.
The plans in Tennessee are the volunteer ordinance plans in Chattanooga,
the malign ordinance plans in Gibson County, and the host ordinance plans near King's Fort in Sullivan County.
There may be others, and the ones I have designated may not be opened at all,
but that is the best information that I have at this present time as to the thinking of the military people in this matter.
Well, there has been a great deal of Andrew Stolock's role in the location of the so-called H-bombs relations
on the part of our Kennedy's friends. What's the word on that school?
Well, I've been in touch with Mr. Gordon Dean, the new chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission about this.
I understand that the commission does have in mind, dealing with plans that can be used,
either to make bomb or to tie the principle to teach time to suit.
Mr. Dean has advised us that the commission does not yet know itself
what the essential requirements as to the location will be.
So, of course, we do not know whether any penalty location or any location in our section
that we can offer will be needed. The first and primary consideration will be the placing of this plan
for it will not be vulnerable to any mere tax.
You need only to look at the mass of the sea as kind of sea as about as far removed from the Soviet Union
as any other place in the United States.
Of course, we have the AEC plan that Oak Ridge and the TBA defense relations
as well as other plans and projects vital to the war at.
And such as the aluminum plan in Al-Qawe in Blunt County, the military made a sigh that it will not want to put all of its important eggs
in one basket and immediately eliminate the TBA region as a possibility.
Now, what's your chambers of commerce and other industries do you do in the interstimulatory and agency location?
Well, until the criteria are established by the atomic energy commission, there is little attendees on.
However, we do know that some 200,000 square acres will be required.
And any low-cap locality with that area available together all of the essential data and poverty either to us or to the atomic energy commission.
Frankly, Charlie, at this stage of the game, I doubt that we tend to see and have much to get under the excited about.
This election will be made on a security and resources base.
If we can provide what is needed, we have a chance for the plan.
The United will go to the place where the jobs can be done best and all of us have to be handled exactly in that way.
That's certain that the thing to do is to do the job in the right way.
Now, another item of interest with John mentioned in your absence last week was the endorsement of the developments by the TBA of the coming of the river basin on the part of the secretary of the interior.
Why is that important? Well, the department of the interior is the governmental agent who has to do with all public power development.
Therefore, this endorsement is very encouraging. The secretary of the interior, Mr. Chastlin, said that the project authorized or constructed on the Cumberland,
should be turned over to the TBA for completion and operation.
Are these eight projects, they all hollowed, already in operation, centered yield and willed, free, or under construction?
And the project was free island, durup, ferry, old, history, cottage, and the land. And now, yet, been started.
This is the secretary of Chapman advised that this plan for projects from the core of engineers to the TBA,
for eliminating unnecessary expense and ensure continuity of operation of the project and the sale of low-cost power to ultimate consumers.
Well, how is the power distribution handled from the core of engineers' land on the company?
Well, all of the work done by the Army engineers, the interior department, the federal power commission,
and the TBA is useless and merely a bookkeeping transaction by which the engineers' dams generate power,
which is turned over to the interior department, which delivers the power to the TBA for distribution and rates the food by the federal power commission.
All this time stirring expense in the avoided of the power is handled exclusively by the TBA.
But controlled and navigation on the entire humble and talented assistant can be handled more effectively by one agency,
which will relieve the burden on the movement, except the immoral.
Unfortunately, quite a few of you have gone on, I may be a prediction that some people reported the TBA, which is coming September 15th,
on the basis of survey, which is ordered by the President.
If I report the state world as I saw it, I can predict that some action might be taken early in the 80s,
like the Congress.
Now, one, do you think that there will be any action in this Congress on this matter,
that you call the priest bill, who is the cobbling in the TBA system?
And two, do you think it's not going to be acted on early in the next session?
Achalia, the first part of your question about whether there will be any action in this session.
I do not think so because the policy committee, all of the Senate and the House of Representatives have already decided that only a very few items
are having to do with foreign policy will be considered in the remaining weeks.
We hope it will be remaining weeks for this session of conflict.
We're out of luck to this session.
Well, yes, and then, furthermore, the TBA final report has not been received,
and we can't get all of the facts before Congress about the inclusion of the cumulon into the TBA system
until the final report of the TBA and of the core of engineers has been received.
But I do think that all of this, well, all of these reports will be coming in as follows,
and we should have all of our facts together in the end of the position we got early action in the next session of conflict.
Well, now, in his recommendation and report, if the Secretary of the Interior recommended any changes in your bill,
for the Festival Change suggested why the retention of the membership of the TBA board at three instead of five is my bill's revised.
The other suggested changes are manner and effect, and as a matter of fact,
I have no particular notion or interest as to how the board these three are fast.
The Secretary will agree in situation, colliding with the data of work in the Johnson Bill.
Well, Senator Matlow and the Arkansas, the President of the National Rivers and Harvard Congress,
at least to me that we should defer all non-war connected public works projects.
The same favor of feeding up the work on a sexual project such as the TBA's team flat as new jobs keep up.
We have an interesting, increasing need of power for electric power for the war efforts,
and if the H bomb plant does locate in the TBA region, we shall need a great deal of power from that one project,
not to mention the others in our section.
Senator, I see that our time is gone, so until next week at this period,
I'm on force thing development, not to mention it.
Senator, keep all the return with this next report.
We now be viewed as by your Senators Office in Washington.
We invite you to be tuned to this station next week for that report.
This program is brought to you as a public service at the expense of the station to which you are now listening.
Until next week, same time, same station, which is job in need from your Senators Office in Washington,
we're trying to use it to your local announcer.